---
layout: english/post
title: Draft
cover-image: artificial-intelligence.png
cover-image-credit: Generated using DALL-E in ChatGPT
date: 2025-03-13
category: english
---

People like humble creators. Not, the Omg who are. Outspoken. Why do people expect the achievers to be humble? Recan they can connect themselves with the achievers That's all they have in common? No discipline? No working hard? Not seeing the big picture? Not able to think of a strategy? Not able to take tough decisions? Not able to withstand resistance and be resilient. But, being humble? that's easy I can do that. In fact. I can only do that. If an achiever his being humble. I can relate to them. If they out spoke loud and be proud of themselves that; was something I can't do. It takes effort to achieve and I Can be proud of that. I don't want to do that. Instead, I do blame shame the achiever doe box being outspoken They will We win. We incapable idiots eventually succumb will praise humility VS pride. Because I haven't done fucking thing worthwhile to be Phosl ab of. Imagine a world where everyone is outspoken and is fucking proud of themselves. Now, Imagine one is an achiever, irrespective of Place their position the society The janitor, electrician, plumber engineers, Investors, and politicians are so proud of themselves for what they contribute to society. That would be an awesome scene Quite a lot of times, financial status interferes With your ability to feel proud of yourself If you take a random person in the world, there iS a possibility there are someone des who can trade their life for yours. Simple Economy. They value your lite more than theirs. Now genuinely ask yourself. Is There at least .ne Person in this world, who iS willing to hade your lite for theirs? If you're able to read this blog post on an internet-connected device and you have time to read. The answer is fucking yes. You are looking in the wrong direction. if you look at the future for inspiration and the Past to be Proud of yourself. You don't need to be humble,  for the sake of society's approval. You can be it if you want to. Just be proud of yourself "Fucking proud". You being alive is a reason Proud of yourself. There are days we drag ourselves to work There are days where you can proud of yourself. Look for those days. Be proud. Let others know how you want to be proud of yourself. Those who know you, would acknowledge you and be proud of you. Others don't bother. Just ignore.
